# Vaults
A minimalist, centrally-managed, private cloud storage service.

The premise of Vaults is simple: Configure user accounts with a username and password, then add named "vaults" that point to a directory on the local system, and boom! Now you can log into the Vaults webapp and access that directory remotely, with the ability to perform all basic file operations.

## Setup
1. Install Node.js
2. Clone the repo and `cd` into it
3. Run `npm install`
4. Rename `config-example.json` to `config.json`
5. Start the Vaults server with `npm start`
6. Visit <http://localhost:8080> and log in with username `test` and password `password`
7. Navigate to the **Example** vault in the web interface and enjoy!

For true remote access, consider using services like Cloudflare Tunnel, Tailscale, or a full fat webserver like Apache or Nginx as a proxy.

**Security is important!** Ensure you make this webserver available exclusively over HTTPS if you expose it to the internet.

## Managing users
Assuming you have knowledge of JSON, you can add users simply by editing `config.json` and adding new entries to the `users` array. Each entry should have a `username` property containing a unique username, and a `password_hash` property containing a password hash generated by running `npm run passhash` and following the prompts. This prevents storing plain text passwords.

## Managing vaults
Managing storage vaults is just as simple as editing users! Just add new entries or edit existing ones within the `vaults` array. Each entry should have a `name` property containing a unique name for the vault, a `path` property pointing to a directory on the local system, and a `users` property that's an array of usernames who are allowed to access the vault online.

## Other options
You can change the webserver port and other miscellaneous options within the `server` config object. The property names are relatively self-explanatory.